Introducing our agreement, including who it applies to 
When you open a current or savings account with us, you’re setting up an agreement. 
This is between Barclays Bank UK PLC (or another company we transfer it to) and you 
– the person or people we’ve opened the account for. 

This booklet contains most of the terms and conditions of the agreement (which we 
also call our ‘Retail Customer Agreement’). The agreement covers all our personal 
banking accounts and any services we tell you it applies to when you start using 
them. 

We may also give you additional terms and conditions when you take out an account 
or service, such as an arranged overdraft or savings account. Those additional terms 
take priority over any others. Our agreement is made up of all of the terms and 
conditions that apply to your account and any other services you have with us. 

Being with Barclays
How to contact us, and how we’ll contact 
you. The importance of keeping your details 
up to date
Contacting us 
There are lots of ways to contact us – you’ll find them in the boxes below.  
We may add new ways in the future.
• Contact us through Online Banking or the Barclays app
• Come into a branch
• Call us on 03457 345 345* from the UK and +44 2476 842099*  
from elsewhere 
• You can also contact us by post at Barclays, Leicester LE87 2BB. 
If you are a Barclays Wealth Management Banking or an International Banking 
customer, you can also get in touch with your usual contact, or use the details at 
barclays.co.uk/wealth or barclays.co.uk/international-banking

You must tell us right away if you think someone might have access  
to your account. 
The numbers to use are: 
• 0800 400 100*
• +44 2476 842 099* from outside the UK
We can cancel your card or put a block on a service (such as Telephone Banking) 
to prevent anyone getting hold of your money.
You can also stop your card in the Barclays app, or in Online Banking under 
‘Manage Accounts’. 
Keeping us informed of changes to your details
You must tell us if any of your details change. This includes: 
 contact or personal details (for example, email address, home or correspondence 
address or phone number) 
 your situation (for example, change of name, nationality, tax residency, 
signature)
 any other important changes that are relevant to us. 

We need to know about changes like these so that we can manage your banking, 
protect your account, and get in touch with you safely and quickly. 
We need to contact you for various reasons. These include if we suspect fraud on 
your account, to give you information about your account(s) with us, and to tell you 
about any changes. 
If you don’t keep all your details up to date, this might affect your eligibility for your 
account(s), the products and services we can offer you, or how they work. 
